Rewrite most of the FAQ (#142)
rancher-sandbox/docs.rancherdesktop.io: versioned_docs/version-latest/faq.md

#### **Q: Is Rancher Desktop a desktop version of Rancher?**

> **A:** While [Rancher](https://rancher.com/) and [Rancher Desktop](https://rancherdesktop.io/) share the _Rancher_ name, they do different things. Rancher Desktop is not Rancher on the Desktop. Rancher is a powerful solution to manage Kubernetes clusters. Rancher Desktop allows users to locally run a container management platform optionally including Kubernetes. The two solutions complement each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** While [Rancher](https://rancher.com/) and [Rancher Desktop](https://rancherdesktop.io/) share the _Rancher_ name, they do different things. Rancher Desktop is not Rancher on the Desktop. Rancher is a complete software stack for managing multiple Kubernetes clusters across any infrastructure. On the other hand, Rancher Desktop provides Kubernetes and container management on the desktop to support local development use cases. The two solutions complement each other.
```

Author: Hmm. The first half is definitely fine.

The second part bothers me. I know that some people use Rancher Desktop for Kubernetes, but most of my team just uses it for Docker, i.e. we've turned off Kubernetes. (The fact that my team is slowly turning it back on is out of scope for this thought.)

I'm also going to reword the thing to start with "No."

```suggestion
**A:** No. Rancher Desktop is not Rancher on the Desktop. 

While [Rancher](https://rancher.com/) and [Rancher Desktop](https://rancherdesktop.io/) share the _Rancher_ name, they do different things. But, the two solutions do complement each other:

Rancher is a complete software stack for managing multiple Kubernetes clusters across any infrastructure.

Rancher Desktop provides container management and an optional Kubernetes instance on the desktop to support local development use cases.
```

#### **Q: Is Rancher Desktop a desktop version of Rancher?**

**A:** No. Rancher Desktop is not Rancher on the Desktop. 

While [Rancher](https://rancher.com/) and [Rancher Desktop](https://rancherdesktop.io/) share the _Rancher_ name, they do different things. But, the two solutions do complement each other:

Rancher is a complete software stack for managing multiple Kubernetes clusters across any infrastructure.

> Rancher Desktop provides container management and an optional Kubernetes instance on the desktop to support local development use cases.

Reviewer: The use of `optional`, even though technically correct, deemphasizes the fact that Rancher Desktop takes a Kubernetes first approach, and sounds like Kubernetes is available as just an option. Can you please remove the word `optional`?

Author: sold

Visit [http://127.0.0.1:9000/dashboard/](http://127.0.0.1:9000/dashboard/) in your browser to view the Traefik dashboard.

#### **Q: Can I disable Traefik, and will doing so remove Traefik resources?**

**A:** Yes, you can disable Traefik in order to free up port 80 and 443 for alternate ingress configuration. Disabling Traefik will _not_ delete existing resources. By default, the `Enable Traefik` feature is selected under **Kubernetes Settings**; uncheck this box to disable it.

If you want to delete Traefik resources, click on `Reset Kubernetes` on the **Kubernetes Settings** panel of the UI.

#### **Q: Is there support for internal container port forwarding?**

> **A:** Yes, support for this feature on Linux and macOS is available as of [v1.1.0](https://github.com/rancher-sandbox/rancher-desktop/releases/tag/v1.1.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** Yes, support for this feature is available on all three platforms, Windows, Linux, and macOS, as of [v1.1.0](https://github.com/rancher-sandbox/rancher-desktop/releases/tag/v1.1.0).
```
